Timestamp vs timestamptz explanation (#3491)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/hypertables/create.md

To create a hypertable, you need to create a standard PostgreSQL table, and then
convert it into a hypertable.

> Hypertables are designed for real-time analytics and partitioned by columns that hold time values. These can be of the `timestamptz`, `date`, or `integer` types. While `timestamp` is also supported, a best practice is to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hypertables are designed for real-time analytics and partitioned by columns that hold time values. These can be of the `timestamptz`, `date`, or `integer` types. While `timestamp` is also supported, best practice is to 
```

> Hypertables are designed for real-time analytics and partitioned by columns that hold time values. These can be of the `timestamptz`, `date`, or `integer` types. While `timestamp` is also supported, a best practice is to 
> use `timestamptz` instead. For why the use of `timestamp` is discouraged, see [PostgreSQL timestamp][postgresql-timestamp].

Reviewer 2: It is possible to use integers as well for partitioning, even though they do not represent a time. This is not normally what we recommend though.

```suggestion
Hypertables are designed for real-time analytics and typically partitioned by columns that hold time values. These can be of the `timestamptz`, `date`, or `integer` types. While `timestamp` is also supported, a best practice is to 
use `timestamptz` instead. For why the use of `timestamp` is discouraged, see [PostgreSQL timestamp][postgresql-timestamp].
```

> use `timestamptz` instead. For why the use of `timestamp` is discouraged, see [PostgreSQL timestamp][postgresql-timestamp].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use `timestamptz` instead. [PostgreSQL timestamp(https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Don't_Do_This#Don.27t_use_timestamp_.28without_time_zone.29) explains why using `timestamp` is discouraged.
```
